chore(docs): change the CI references in our contributing docs and add missing sections (#678)
netlify/build-image: CONTRIBUTING.md

- `make run` build the base image and run a bash shell in a container based in it in interactive mode.
- `make run-local` volume the build scripts and run a bash shell in a container based in the build image.

Our [changelog](./CHANGELOG.md) is powered by an automated [release-please](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please) action, which relies on commits following the [conventional commit format](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0-beta.2/#summary).

> So make sure that **both your PRs and commmits follow the conventional commits format** for the CI validation to succeed.

Reviewer: [pebble] Minor edit for concision and clarity. Moved "CI validation to succeed" Starting with the "why" here should help folks understand what comes after better.
```suggestion
For the CI validation to succeed, make sure that **your PRs and commits follow the conventional commits format**.
```

### CI

The bulk of our CI work takes place in [Circle CI](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/netlify/build-image).

> If **you're part of the Netlify org** and have write access to the repo our pipeline will take care of:

Reviewer: [dust] Comma!
```suggestion
If **you're part of the Netlify org** and have write access to the repo, our pipeline will take care of:
```

- Linting the Dockerfile

> - Build your Dockerfile, tag it and push it to our [docker hub repo](https://hub.docker.com/r/netlify/build)

Reviewer: [dust] Serial (Oxford) comma!
```suggestion
- Build your Dockerfile, tag it, and push it to our [docker hub repo](https://hub.docker.com/r/netlify/build)
```

- Run the automated [bats tests](#tests)

> If you **don't have access writes to the repo** and are submitting a PR via a forked repo, the CI pipeline will still execute for you. The main difference is that it won't push your built image to our docker repo.

Reviewer: [pebble] Swap "access" and "writes" order. This mimics what we say on line 35.
```suggestion
If you **don't have write access to the repo** and are submitting a PR via a forked repo, the CI pipeline will still execute for you. The main difference is that it won't push your built image to our docker repo.
```

> If required, someone with access writes to the repo can trigger the push for you, so if you require it (mainly useful for testing purposes) reach out to someone in the team :+1:

Reviewer: [pebble] Same as previous edit. And a couple minor edits for clarity.
```suggestion
If required, someone with write accesss to the repo can trigger the push for you. If you require it (mainly useful for testing purposes) reach out to someone on the team :+1:
```

## Releasing

1. Merge the relevant package release PR created by `release-please`
2. Wait for the CI pipelines to finish
3. Create a PR in the [buildbot](https://github.com/netlify/buildbot) to bump [the version](https://github.com/netlify/buildbot/blob/0ada244ab84a1759a70d6b2cfc27c9987b5c77ca/.circleci/config.yml#L141-L150) of the `build-image`.

### Running Test `buildbot` Releases

> If you want to test a particular `build-image` change before going through the regular release process you can do so by creating a PR following the process above :point-up: and pointing to any `build-image` you want. Any branch

Reviewer: [dust] Another comma!
```suggestion
If you want to test a particular `build-image` change before going through the regular release process, you can do so by creating a PR following the process above :point-up: and pointing to any `build-image` you want. Any branch
```

> If you want to test a particular `build-image` change before going through the regular release process you can do so by creating a PR following the process above :point-up: and pointing to any `build-image` you want. Any branch

Reviewer: Is there an unintentional line break after "Any branch"?

Author: Not really I believe 🤔 but it does not impact the final document - https://github.com/netlify/build-image/blob/chore/update-contributing-ci/CONTRIBUTING.md

> creates a valid `build-image` tag in the docker registry. Once the PR in `buildbot` is created, refer to `buildbot`'s [test instructions](https://github.com/netlify/buildbot#testing-builds-on-a-live-test-site) in order to test your particular change.

Reviewer: [pebble] Edited for clarity. Let me know if I got anything wrong here.
```suggestion
creates a valid `build-image` tag in the docker registry. Once the PR in `buildbot` is created, you can test your `build-image` change by referring to `buildbot`'s [test instructions](https://github.com/netlify/buildbot#testing-builds-on-a-live-test-site).
```
